# Meeting Notes 2021-10-12

## Attendees

- Alice Li (AL)
- Avi Goldman(AG)
- Dylan Smith (DS)
- Hussein Al Hammad (HAH)
- Mark Robbins (MR)
- Matt Dionne (MD)
- Megan Boshuyzen (MB)


## Agenda

1. Encouraging contributors to stay involved
2. First project(s) ([#8](https://github.com/email-markup-consortium/email-markup-consortium/issues/8))
3. Website: Domain, Hosting, Build
4. Code of conduct ([#1](https://github.com/email-markup-consortium/email-markup-consortium/issues/1))
5. Process of contribution ([#19](https://github.com/email-markup-consortium/email-markup-consortium/issues/19))


## Notes

### 1. Contributor enthusiasm

- DS: Is enthusiasm waning? Are we unintentionally excluding people who can’t make the calls?

### 2. Projects ([#8](https://github.com/email-markup-consortium/email-markup-consortium/issues/8))

- Markup goals blocks email markup guide blocks markup validator
- We can group the top projects into 3 channels:
  1. Guidelines: Write top level markup goals, guidelines for email developers, validator for email markup
  2. Branding: Website, logo, (there was more to this that I'm not sure of)
  3. Support: Draft templates for support requests from ESP's, Email clients etc. Work out a model for what support, sponsorship, membership, contributions, looks like. do we ask for commitments, financial support, etc.


## Actions

- (DS) Ask for feedback from people who haven’t joined: How can we be more accommodating to contributors?
  - Revisit meeting dates/times?
  - Move more async?
- (AG) A spreadsheet outlining the different projects and dependencies
- Gather people interested in each of the main projects and start new conversations to get these projects started.


