# Meeting Notes 2021-09-14

## Attendees
* Alice Li (AL)
* Dave Crocker (DC)
* Dylan Smith (DS)
* Elliot Ross (ER)
* Hussein Al Hammad (HAH)
* Mark Robbins (MR)
* Megan Boshyuzen (MB)

## Agenda
1. Progress updates
2. PR/repo review process
3. Finalising name, mission statement, etc.
4. First project - open letter

## Notes

### 1. Progress updates

* MR: Not much to report.
* DS: GitHub issues discussions have been productive.

### 2. PR/repo review process

* AL: What’s the process? Who has write access to repos?
* MR: Three admins: Remi, Mark, Dylan
* DS: Anyone explicitly added to email-standards org should have write access. Good idea to have PRs reviewed instead of carte blanche. Nothing to hide, etc.

### 3. Finalising name, mission statement, etc.

* MR: Time feels right to speed some decisions along. Voting? If voting, should * be done async.
* DS: Should we put a final call out for name ideas?
* AL: GitHub has polling app for issues: https://github.com/apps/polls

### 4. First project

* ER: Can we find that quick win or good first project we discussed?
* MR: Likes the idea of an open letter, possibly with signatories, etc. Similar to https://overlayfactsheet.com/
* ER: Sparkpost willing to put their name behind supporting the group.
* Others: Employers likely willing, everyone willing to start those discussions internally.
* DC: Easier to get people onboard once there is a mission statement. Everything hinges on that.
* HAH: Done is better than perfect. Open UI, for example, disclaims that even mission is subject to change.
* DS: Before writing letter, we should agree who the letter should appeal to and which problems we want them to agree exist and are important.

## Actions

* DS: Change GitHub org/repo write permissions. Require approval of PRs before merge.
* DS (or anyone): Try installing polling app to GitHub
* AL: Bullet points for mission statement benefits, charter, etc.