# Meeting Notes 2021-11-16

## Attendees

- Alice Li (AL)
- Hussein Al Hammad (HAH)
- Megan Boshuyzen (MB)
- Mark Robbins (MR)
- Steven Collins (SC)

## Agenda

- Organisational legitimacy - how do we make ourselves come across as a legitimate organisation?
- EMC structure
  - Levels of membership and permissions/approvals for publishing content, website, socials, votes on changes etc.
  - Process for adding more members, expiring membership
  - Types of membership individual, business
- Translation of website / docs / etc.

## Notes

### Launch

- Too much holiday stuff right now
- Launch when it is quieter after new year
- Aim for January. Final date TBD.

### Organisation legitimacy

- Sponsors: having sponsors and industry companies logos on the website can make us look legitimate. Need to look legitimate in the first place to have sponsors and for companies to agree to display their logos on our website.
- Projects: involvement in the industry (new projects or contributing to existing relevant projects)

### Structure

- Define who is a member?
- Corporate sponsors
  - regular members vs board members
  - Not let corporate interest take over
  - Involvement must be neutral
- Create a membership document?

#### Membership

- Official membership list
- Application form
- Annual cycle for “board members”

### Translation of content

- International consortium, international audience
- Design of website should consider future translation (e.g. LTR and RTL languages)
- Not needed right away

### Email Geeks “university”

- Twitter space chat
- Create a how-to build emails course?
- Put together a resource list with last modified date. Smaller commitment, easier win.
- Current state of email requires this. What we are working towards doesn't require this as much.

## Actions

- [ ] Alice Li to start GitHub Discussion pointing to EMC-Compliant Standards
- [ ] Alice Li to start official membership form associated with EmailMarkupConsortium@gmail.com
- [ ] Megan Boshuyzento catch up with branding group to move logo/website forward
- [x] Mark Robbins to put together a membership document
