# Meeting Notes 2021-09-07

## Attendees
* Alice Li (AL)
* Carin Slater (CS)
* Dave Crocker (DC)
* Dylan Smith (DS)
* Hussein Al Hammad (HAH)
* Jay Oram (JO)
* Mark Robbins (MR)
* Steven Collins (SC)

## Agenda
1. Progress updates
2. [Mission](https://github.com/email-standards/email-standards/issues/3) and goals
3. Microsoft Outlook

### Cut short

The following items were listed in the agenda before the meeting but not discussed due to time constraints.

* Should we or how might we collaborate or communicate with other groups?
* Windows 11 first-party desktop email clients (Windows Mail, Outlook): if they still do not use a browser engine to render HTML emails, can we influence this by providing feedback (via the Windows Insider program) and/or reaching out to Microsoft?
* Glossary of terms 

## Notes

### 1. Progress updates

* [GitHub org and repo](https://github.com/email-standards/email-standards) have been created
  + Lots of discussion in [initial issues](https://github.com/email-standards/email-standards/issues)
  + Format has led to more thoughtful discussion
* Added new members
  + We decided to not appeal again publicly until we solidify things (name, mission) and can advertise with more clarity
  + If there are specific people you want to invite directly, feel free to do so

### 2. Mission and goals

#### Around the room: The goals in everyone’s own words

Discussion prompted by DC. Summarised by DS. Clarifications welcome.

##### Mark Robbins:

* Accessibility, how Outlook forces us to break standards and has a knock-on effect with other clients
* If Outlook doesn’t need special treatment, accessibility can be improved across the board
* Documentation and notification of changes from other clients
* Write guidelines for other developers “if all else fails”
* “Inconsistency” and “unreliability” — If we write code, there’s no way to know how it will render across clients. Clients update without notice. Have to crowd source troubleshooting.
* DC (for MR):
  + Inconsistency - A given set of HTML behaves inconsistently across different email implementations
  + Unreliability: Difficulty knowing how HTML will behave in a given client

##### Alice Li

* Browser updates clearly lay out what will change for developers in new versions. What changes, what’s made easier, etc.
* Being able to write modern code (no tables, etc).
* Clear guidance for how to write code; what in the head, inline styles, etc?
* Defined best practices.

##### Carin Slater

* Having a place for email developers to go. Status quo is that code gets passed down from dev to dev. Better documentation and standards.
* Easier for email techs to get started. Place to get core, workable code. Community for consultation. Community consensus about common core of HTML that works.
* Getting email clients to create/provide changelogs would be a big win for email coding and would be something that would be awesome to have, but as Alice mentioned, may be very difficult to achieve.

##### Dave Crocker

* A simple use of HTML that behaves consistently across email users and systems.
* Easy way to turn off features that don’t work very well.
* HTML is broad and plain text (ASCII) is limited; is there a middle ground to be found? A common core that works everywhere.

##### Dylan Smith

* Echoing others: Consistency, predictability, etc.
* Focus on developer and recipient experience
  + Support of modern HTML and CSS as a path to improving those experiences

##### Jay Oram

* Forum to communicate directly with email clients about bugs, rendering expectations, etc.
* Doesn’t share sentiment of limiting supported code:
  + “Anyone should be able to write whatever HTML they want.”
  + Email clients should be able to choose what they support or not.
* Just want an avenue to give developer input and represent user concerns.

DS: Do you feel like what do have in mind is in conflict with other answers you’ve heard?

Discussion follows where most agree there is common ground to be found. No single project required, just overlapping areas of interest. Deprecated HTML elements mentioned as an analogy; you can use it, but browsers might treat it inconsistently.

##### Hussein Al Hammad

* Transparency between vendors and developers
* Better idea of what’s supported in and across senders, clients
  + If something isn’t supported, what happens?
    + Gmail ripping out style tags when there’s an unknown property, as an example
  + Shared sanitiser would make things more predictable
* Enable progressive enhancement
* Performance for end user
  + Smaller images for mobile devices, other image formats, `srcset` or similar
  + Acknowledgement of global email recipients, especially in countries with high data costs, etc.
  + Currently it seems like the most consistent experience is also the most expensive
* Safety and security
* Backwards compatibility: browser makers agree not to break the web
  + Old websites still work. Old emails might not.

#### Summary of responses

DC:
* Create and sustain a venue for discussion among the community of email user agent implementers, to raise and pursue interoperability issues.
* Create and promote a common base of content markup facilities, that will work interoperably, across implementations and will be stable across versions of an implementation.

### 3. Microsoft Outlook

We again discussed the likelihood of bringing clients together for creation of standards, and in particular how Microsoft might be especially problematic.

* AL: Microsoft-Litmus partnership went nowhere. Anecdote about Microsoft engineering leader disinterested in any of the outcomes our group is discussing.
* DS: Tide could be turning at Microsoft with strong corporate focus on accessibility and newer Outlooks being cloud-based. Cynical but hopeful.
* DC: [X.400](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/X.400) - International standard for email for 15 years. Was a large industry focus. Defined both the email object and transportation thereof. Microsoft Outlook built on top of that and iterated on.

## Actions

* [Continue defining mission](https://github.com/email-standards/email-standards/issues/3)
  + DS: Let’s use [CS's suggestion of answering what, why, how, and who for](https://github.com/email-standards/email-standards/issues/3#issuecomment-914390862). Figure out the broader goals and distill into a single sentence mission afterward.
* [List possible projects or deliverables](https://github.com/email-standards/email-standards/issues/8)
  + First step toward deciding what’s in and out of scope for the group
  + MR: We don’t have to operate as a single unit; room for subprojects as interests and availility dictate
* [Create a glossary of terms](https://github.com/email-standards/email-standards/issues/7)
