# Meeting Notes 2021-10-05

## Attendees

- Alice Li (AL)
- Avi Goldman (AG)
- Carin Slater (CS)
- Dylan Smith (DS)
- Hussein Al Hammad
- Mark Robbins (MR)
- Megan Boshuyzen (MB)
- Steven Collins (SC)

## Agenda

1. Mission statement ([#3](https://github.com/email-markup-consortium/email-markup-consortium/issues/3))
2. Website: Domain, Hosting, Build
3. Code of conduct
4. Process of contribution
5. First project?

## Notes

### 1. Mission statement ([#3](https://github.com/email-markup-consortium/email-markup-consortium/issues/3))

- Draft review: discussion about the term “recipient”
- DS: good long version. What is the short / Twitter bio version?
- AL: moving from standarisation, this is more visiony
- DS: target audience is more ESPs and email clients
- Are we a “community-led” group?
- DS: convey the meaning of “consortium” in the statement
- CS: long version, short version, Twitter bio version. 3 versions to use wherever is appropriate
- DS: easy to access vs accessible
- MR: original version was more open. This is more of a fixed list
- AL: “easy to access” may seem we’re talking about out-of-scope topics like deliverability and protocols
- DS: big picture goals important to have in short version
- DS: mention security?
- MR: highlight what we do doesn’t compromise security or privacy
- DS: Interoperability?
- MR: +1 to include it; it’s descriptive and aligns with what we do

### 2. Next steps

- Open letter to Outlook?
  - Should it address all clients or single one out?
  - Petition-style?
  - Will this even be effective?
- Should we divide and conquer at this point?
  - How much capacity do we have?
  - What do people want to do?
  - What’s most effective early on?


## Actions

- Create a poll for projects and have everyone give feedback by Friday at 12pm EST
  - Create one single github issue with all projects - ideas by Friday
  - Stacked ranking of top 3 projects post on slack with top three projects you are interested in
  - Interest for working on said projects - by Monday
- CS: Type up project process
- AG: Post all projects in slack with :+1: for interest in working on it and :heavy_plus: for interest in shepherding

