# Meeting Notes 2022-07-26

## Attendees

- Alice Li
- Aubrey Miller-Schmidt
- Hussein Al Hammad
- Mark Robbins
- Megan Boshuyzen
- Steve Collins
- Steven Sayo

## Notes

### Updates

- Default Email Styles
  - project approved
  - meeting to take place
  - Based on discussion thread, Cosmin may be able to help structure the project
- Website
  - Colours updated to address an accessibility issue
  - Docs section is live
  - Sponsors page is live
- Accessibility report
  - WIP, almost done
  - will be published on the website
  - we may cross post to dev.to

### EMC Content

- EMC to start publishing more regular content
- Blog
  - currently on dev.to, but may move to website
  - can cross post on dev.to
  - can continue managing posts on dev.to and embed it on site: https://dev.to/matjones/how-to-embed-your-dev-to-blog-in-your-personal-website-4l81
- Newsletter
  - Megan is setting up the EMC newsletter
  - will launch soon
  - Copywriter helped - Robin Crump
  - Parcel account 🙏
- Social media
  - Twitter
  - LinkedIn

### Sponsorship

- Some questions from Megan and Aubrey
- Ensure to protect EMC legally. Lawyer to review?
- Add time constraints to anything EMC offers
- Discussions to be picked up outside of meeting due to limited time
- Projects should be listed publicly for potential sponsors to see where their money is going towards

### How to help

- Briefly went over the ways
- Speak a language other than English? You can help with this: https://github.com/email-markup-consortium/email-markup-consortium/issues/71
- Love testing features in email clients? You can help with this: https://github.com/email-markup-consortium/email-markup-consortium/issues/78
- Prefer breaking email clients? This one is for you: https://github.com/email-markup-consortium/email-markup-consortium/issues/81
- Have a strong software engineering background? We need you here: https://github.com/email-markup-consortium/email-markup-consortium/issues/80
- Looking for something easy, but valuable to assist us with? Check this one: https://github.com/email-markup-consortium/email-markup-consortium/issues/72

### Partnerships

- EMC's goal is to work with email clients and ESPs (or any service/web app that renders HTML emails for users)
- A partner could be a company that falls under the above categories
- Partnership vs Sponsorship
  - Not fully clear
  - A type of sponsorship?
  - A current way to sponsor EMC is to invest time and contribute directly to projects. How is this different?
  - A single company can be both
- Worth putting a label on it?
  - Too soon
  - Wait for official partnership
- Who to target?
  - Major email clients right away?
  - Start with open-source email clients first, then reach to major email clients once we have more solid documentations/solutions?
