# Meeting Notes 2022-09-06

## Attendees

- Alice Li
- Hussein Al Hammad
- Mark Robbins
- Naomi West
- Noah Dinkin
- Sara Willimon
- Steven Collins

## Notes

### Updates

- EMC has a public channel on Email Geeks Slack

### Admins recurring 6-month review process

- Admins still willing?
- Nomination?
- Keep it at odd number
- Nominate 2 more people?
  - Criteria
  - Active member first?
  - Case by case basis
- Check with member - satisfied with current admins?
- yes/no vote
- Potentially add to code of conduct (for admins only?): uphold the interests of EMC above professional or personal interests [wording up for discussion]
- Action:
  - Define criteria
  - Ask if any would like to nominate
  - Vote
  - List admins on website

### Contribution

- Member vs Public
- Member vs Project Lead
- Meeting
  - link is hard to find
  - Confirmation email to include meeting/calendar link
  - Not everyone is on Slack all the time (or ever)
- What do people need to contribute?
  - Monthly call of initiatives (e.g. on Slack)
  - Projects page is not enough
  - Clearer call-to-action

### Open discussion

- Milestones and goals
  - Way to communicate momentum
  - Way to set work plans internally
- Is there anything we want to start thinking about for the holidays?
  - Q4 is generally a very busy email quarter
- Is there something we could ask people to include in their email source code to show support for EMC?
  - Could start as a very simple one-line comment to the effect of “I coded this email and I support EMC. Learn more at emailmarkup.org”
    - How to do this while keeping file size as small as possible
