# Meeting Notes 2022-07-12

## Attendees

- Alice Li
- Aubrey Miller-Schmidt
- Avi Goldman
- Hussein Al Hammad
- Mark Robbins
- Megan Boshuyzen
- Muxiang Pajerski
- Rafael Viana
- Rodrigo Santander

## Notes

### Updates

- 1&1 email clients
  - Reached out regarding making the repo public
- Can I Email?
  - Categorising feature will always be ongoing
  - page listing breakdown of email client support per category is not done yet
- Data Collection
  - Fixed stats dashboard issues
  - Ran analysis 2 weeks ago (accessibility checker). Resulted in a ~200MB JSON. Some help from a data scientist would be welcomed.
  - Content creation ideas: Schedule fun informative tidbits to post on social media

### Open Collective

- [EMC account is public](https://opencollective.com/email-markup-consortium)
- Anyone can donate
- Finances are public (money coming in and coming out)
- Donating vs Sponsoring
  - Not all donors are considered sponsors
  - One way for a company to sponsor EMC is to donate using the Sponsors tier
  - A company can sponsor EMC through other means (contact admins to discuss)
- Megan and Aubrey have experience working with non-profits, and can help EMC with this
- How EMC intends to spend the funds
  - pay for services (domain registration, hosting, etc.)
  - pay individuals for their time

### EMC docs

- Being moved to the website
- Easily accessible
- Remains open source and open for anyone to contribute
- Some docs may remain on GitHub only (e.g. code of conduct)
- Audience: HTML email developers, developers and software engineers and working on email clients, ESPS and other software that may handle HTML emails
- Internationalisation
  - Concern: translated content not being updated to match the English
    - Link to GitHub commit that was used as a reference for translation?
    - Automatically display a warning when a newer version in English is available
  - What languages?
    - Most widely spoken in the world may not be a good criterion
    - EMC has Chinese, Spanish and Arabic speakers
    - Email Geeks community has regional channels

### Default email styles

- Proposed project
- Details can be found in [project proposal](https://github.com/email-markup-consortium/email-markup-consortium/issues/54)
- browserdefaultstyles.com is inspiration, but default email styles has its own unique requirements
  - external stylesheets, embedded CSS, inlined CSS, `!important`, specificity
- How can this be automated? Start with a manual approach?
- Rafael Viana is interested in contributing to this project
- Can findings from this project lead to other things?
  - default styles recommendations?
    - just default to browser styles?
    - email clients may need to apply some brand styling (e.g. typography)
    - non-western email clients may apply styles to enhance typography for non-latin languages
    - browsers already have some default typography styles for different languages
  - email clients to work together to make their default styles more consistent?
