# Meeting Notes 2022-02-08

## Attendees

- Alice Li
- Hussein Al Hammad
- Mark Robbins
- Megan Boshuyzen

## Agenda

- [5 minutes] Progress updates
- [15 minutes] Website
  - Resolve all [PR review comments](https://github.com/email-markup-consortium/email-markup-consortium.github.io/pull/3) during the call if possible
  - Set a real deadline
- [xx minutes] Organisation structure
  - as we’ll be opening up to new members soon, we should get some structure in place. What roles and responsibilities are there, who has them and how are these assigned.
- [15 minutes] Finalized membership forms 
  - Individual Membership Application Form here: https://forms.gle/XVdT3JGUbLZQEHXu6
  - Corporate Membership Application Form here: https://forms.gle/yifokDd3rfdFRG7i8



## Notes

- Progress updates
  - Membership forms got almost done
  - Website didn't move forward since last call
  - Meeting agenda: let's try set time for each item on the agenda
- Organisation strucutre
  - The topic of assigning roles has been brought up previously, but we never fully addressed it. We need to properly address this.
  - We have some other unaddressed organisational matters.
- Membership forms
  - Went through the forms and made some changes
  - Forms are live and have been shared to the Slack members to fill in. This is to
    - test the sign up process
    - formally register members
    - check whether MIA Slack members are still interested
- Website
  - Went through some of the PR comments. Mark commented on those during the call.
  - We still need to go through the rest



## Actions

- Mark to start GitHub discussion on organisation structure and member approval process
- Hussein to communicate with Dylan on website progress
