# Meeting Notes 2022-06-14

## Attendees

- Alice Li
- Avi Goldman
- Hussein Al Hammad
- Mark Robbins
- Matt Dionne

## Notes

### Progress updates

#### Can I Email?: [categorising features](https://github.com/hteumeuleu/caniemail/issues/232)

- Some categories have been done
- Data available in JSON but not UI at the moment
- Still WIP and more contributions are welcome

#### Data Collection

- +11,000 emails. 
- Different projects may have different criteria they'd like the data source to meet before making use of it, but we can start doing initial analysis. 
- Regular public reports (e.g. blog posts)
- Project lead (Avi Goldman) is clear on next steps and the project is on track

#### Translations

- EMC announcement blog post has been translated to Chinese by Muxiang Pajerski. This will be published soon.

### Sponsorships

- Paid sponsorship:
  - At this stage, EMC is more interested in having organisations allocate employees to contribute to EMC projects
  - Potentially some projects may require the use of paid services and sponsors may be able to help with providing the required funds
- Other organisations are very welcome to register as a supporter and EMC can display their logo on thee EMC's website

### External companies support

- We have some leads
  - we started talks with some organisations
  - we have contact information of relevant organisations
- We would love to have someone dedicated to this aspect of EMC

### Working with email clients

- [Discussion thread](https://github.com/email-markup-consortium/email-markup-consortium/discussions/51) is open for people to share thoughts and discuss ideas
- Bug reporting is a good way to start working directly with email clients
  - Bug reports need to be structured and contain all the required details (e.g. reduced test case, steps to reproduce, app version, browser, expected result, actual result, etc.)
- 1&1
  - Mark Robbins met with a 1&1 representative
  - 1&1 have multiple email clients under their company such as gmx.de and web.de
  - interested, but not committed at this stage
  - involvement in certain projects is dependent on the involvement of bigger email clients
  - opened to trial receiving bug reports from EMC
  - EMC to create a private GitHub repository and document bugs as issues. 1&1 to be given access to this repository
  - EMC to start adding 1&1 email clients to Can I Email?
- open source email clients
  - there can be open source email clients that do not have enough resources to update how they sanitize HTML emails
  - can EMC help directly?
  - the idea of an open-source sanitizer can solve this to some extent

### Working with ESPs

- [Discussion thread](https://github.com/email-markup-consortium/email-markup-consortium/discussions/50) is open for people to share thoughts and discuss ideas
- Document some guidelines
  - Open source
  - ESPs can contribute to this directly
- Bug reporting
  - too many ESPs? 
  - something EMC do in return if sponsored by an ESP?
- Would a configurable sanitizer help ESPs?
  - idea of shared sanitizer primarily intended for email clients
  - any web app that handles third-party HTML need to sanitize it
  - can the shared sanitizer idea be expanded to a more generic tool that can be used in web apps including ESPs?
  - ESPs may need to handle code authoring on their platform (not a concern for email clients), so they may have some additional requirements

